# X Video Transcription

Source: https://x.com/businessbarista/status/2032115802271596689?s=46

What's up everyone? Welcome back to another episode of Human in the Loop, the most actionable AI show on the internet. I'm one of your host Alex Lieberman, co-managing partner at 10X. On this episode, I have Nat Allyson, who's going to tell the insane story about how his open-cloth feelings not only started a business, but has made over $250,000 in less than a month. Let's hop into it. Nat, thank you for joining the show. So glad to be here, men. We've been in each other's orbit on X for years. We finally get to hang out. It's always hard to know whether you've met someone or not because you actually like you get to know them so well on the internet, that you have this image of who they are and you're like, did I meet you at some point or is this all just a creation from the data points on the internet? If you're not sure how tall they are, that's the sign of whether or not you're not a person. Exactly. That's so good. Okay, so what are we going to talk about today? We're going to talk about Felix, man. My open-cloth that I started using at the beginning of January to just try to do some business personal productivity things here and there, and then it started getting like more robust and able to do more and more things. And then I had this wacky idea to give it a Twitter account and see if it could run a business. And I haven't gotten much sleep since. It's been a wild month. How much has Felix made up to this point? He has made a little over $60,000 in Fiat. And he's made another, depending on how you count it, somewhere between 85,000 and $230,000 in crypto. That is wild. Yeah. So if we were going for the headline, the like, oh my gosh, like, rate, clickbait title, it would be $300,000 in a month. That is absolutely insane. Okay, so my goal is, one, I just am curious, I want to understand how have you made that much money with Felix? And then my hope is in doing so. We get into the nitty gritty of like, what is Felix actually doing? And how can a viewer, even if they don't have a business like yours, how can they use their version of Felix, like their open claw to do similar types of tasks? Totally. Yeah, let's dive in and learn to tunnel on the way. So where do you want to start with this? Where do you want to start by kind of showing what what Felix does? Yeah, well, we could, I could just hop in and kind of like talk about the progression, right? Because I think the first thing people ask is like, you know, there's got to be a catch here, right? Like there's no way that this open claw actually made $60,000 in four weeks. And so, but I think if I walk through the progression of kind of like how we got here, it starts to make a lot of sense. If you're watching this and you're, you're intimidated by open claw or you don't yet have your open claw set up, we actually our last video we just recorded with CJ from 10X was setting up open claw securely without a Mac mini and being able to do what Nat is going to be talking about. So definitely watch that video as a starter. This is Felix's, his ex account. And it kind of all the whole story starts here where basically I had been, I've been working with open claw since the holiday break more or less. And it had been getting kind of like more and more interesting, more more complex. I was trying to find more stuff to do with it because one of my goals coming into this year was that I had spent the last two years really like pushing at the limits of vibe coding and what you could do with vibe coding. And I had this very popular course last year called Build Your Own Apps with AI that did awesome. But I was kind of like, I want to actually apply these skills to building a business, not just like selling a course, right? And you know, it's no shade to course people. I just, you know, I wanted to actually try to build something like a software product that people would use. And so back in November, I started building this product called Teagan. And this website is still up, but I'm going to suggest that don't, don't go sign up for this. I need to read or act this where, and this was a bit before open claw started blowing up. And, you know, my thinking was that the AI was like, the AI is getting so good, especially like Opus 4.6 that I could probably rebuild my old content marketing agency entirely run by AI agents. Because that was like my first entrepreneurial thing just out of college. I started a marketing agency. I grew to a few million dollars a year. And I was, it was starting to feel like, you know, a really well-scaffleded Opus setup could totally write the same quality of articles that I used to pay $150 to $250 for. And I bet it could, I bet it could do the project management as well. I bet it could do 90, 95% as well as my old agency did. And so I started building Teagan to do that. And it got like pretty far. I was pretty happy with it, but it still just like wasn't quite there. And then I try out OpenClock. And I take some of the stuff that I built into Teagan and I plug it into OpenClock skills and whatnot. And within like two days, it was doing a much better job than this app that I had spent two months on, which was very frustrating. Because I was like, why did I spend two months building this just to like, have it be replaced by this incredible open source tool. But it kind of made me start thinking like, well, if it can be a content marketer, like what else can it be? And so the first thing, the first thing that I did, the first thing that I experimented with was like, okay, you know, I've been vibe coding on my computer using Cloud Code, using Codex, and particularly in conductor, like what if I moved all of my coding over to this OpenClock and I could just do all of my coding by messaging with it over Telegram. And so that's where I started. And that was immediately just this like incredible productivity unlock. The fact that I could just be like pinging this OpenClock and telling it to do stuff with my code. And it would go build it, it would open a PR, it would review the PR, and I wouldn't have to babysit my Cloud Code or anything sessions anymore. That was a massive unlock because I didn't need to like leave my laptop open during dinner so that a Cloud Code session could run. I didn't need to like do all these things I was doing before to maximize my Cloud Code productivity. I could just text with my OpenClock. And that kind of felt like the first big unlock was, oh my gosh, I have something much closer to an employee who I can delegate work to and it will just go build stuff. And it was challenging at the beginning, okay. Oh, did you want to come out there? Yeah, just I there's so much here. And the first thing is, I actually think it's so fascinating with that you started with Tegan and then bringing Tegan into like having OpenClock basically rebuild Tegan because I think people still have this notion. And the reason I think Tegan's particularly interesting is people still have this notion that AI creates lock. Like people believe that the models are not good enough to create great content now. And as someone like you are someone who creates a lot of content. And so, right, it's like it's really it's fascinating to see you using this thing to create content because I'm sure you have a point of view and a standard for the quality that content has to be for you to feel good about it. Yeah, yeah. And that was kind of a fun part of that experiment where it was like, okay, how good can I get it? Because a generic opus output is it's pretty good. I mean, it's solid, but you and I and anybody who's in it can immediately spot the AI is the little giveaways that this is written by an AI, but you start layering on these additional passes with clear editing prompts and, you know, ways for it to D a D a I F I the language and you bring in some other models to cut out some of the clawed stuff and you build this kind of like multi-step workflow. And suddenly it goes from, you know, a 90 to a 95 or 90 say it starts to get pretty good. And the thing that I kind of have to keep reminding myself of with working with AI is that one, just because you and I can see the edges just because you and I can look at an article and see that it's AI does not mean that that article will not do well, right? Like the match humor article that went viral two weeks ago about like, you know, this is just the beginning 40 million views or whatever. It was at least half written by AI, right? Very clearly, but it was still a good article and it still went mega viral. And if, you know, even and even though you and I and people can like see those fuzzy edges, what percent of consumers can't? It's it's at least 95, maybe 98, 99, right? Can our parents tell? Like, I don't think so. No. And so you it's kind of like working with an employee, right? Where you hire someone to do a job at your company. And if you immediately fire them because they are not as good as you, you're never going to hire an employee. You have to be comfortable with like structuring the role and the responsibilities to the quality level that that employee can produce and increase it over time. I know you've got you have one kid, one, yeah, one, yeah. So it's kind of like with having kids too, right? It's like you want to you give them a lot of responsibility, a lot of opportunity to succeed. And then you just like don't be disappointed when they like fall over while trying to walk, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, I always say now that the technology is so good that oftentimes when people say it's not good enough, it's more an indictment of the person than the technology. If it's more an indictment of actually not spending the time to either beat up your skills or prompts or like work with the models enough. And it would be the equivalent of you bring out a junior employee and you just like forget about onboarding. And you just have the expectation they're going to be a great employee without any one on boarding. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I think anybody, anybody who's hired before anybody who's like had some experience delegating outsourcing systems thinking, it's a huge competitive advantage in working with AI because you understand how to scope expectations and responsibilities to the capabilities of the model. And totally, that's just like a huge unlock. And so once I realized that open clock, do what I was trying to do with Tegan better, then the next question was, okay, like what else can you do? And so that's what led into outsourcing all of the coding to it. And the, you know, at that point, this was like into January. And I was starting to find more and more cool ways we could work together. And it was a lot more focused on software at that point. Like I was trying, I was still trying to build Tegan, but like using open clock to build it and make it better. And basically just literally trying to rebuild the Tegan product, but just like tell OpenClaw to build it and you were just going to host it either under the same domain and just replace what the current product was. Was that the idea? Yeah, I was, you know, I've been poking at a few different ways of doing it. And I kind of eventually came to the conclusion that the best way to rebuild it would be as an open claw. And so finding some way to like create and provision open clause per client that have the Tegan abilities baked into them so that they immediately have access to a deeply trained content marketing focused open claw for one tenth of the price of a human employee, but better than, you know, most junior, maybe even senior level content marketers, right? Like that was kind of the goal that I was working towards. And then I started publishing these articles on X about the stuff I was doing with open claw. And you know, we built a, we built a really good memory system because my clock kept forgetting things and it was really annoying. And so I took some of the stuff I had learned back in my personal knowledge management days, you know, the work of Tiago Forte and some of those other thinkers and like baked it into open claw with, you know, some other like search stuff built in and it just got like way better overnight. I was like, this is really cool. Posted about that. And then I figured out a good way for us to build like a voice chat interface so that it would work over car play so that while I was driving to and from work, I could like chat with my open claw. And you know, I was so the way I wrote most of those articles is I would be driving to work and just chatting with him, talking about like the thing that I wanted to explain. He knew how to like write a good article in my voice from the Tegan work. And then he would put it together into a great article and then I'd show up, copy the markdown, put it into X and like hit publish. And those articles were getting tens or hundreds of thousands of views, which was like awesome. And it just kind of kept coming back to this question of like, okay, how far can we go with this thing? Because every time I give it the opportunity to succeed and try to build in some scaffolding for it, it blows me away. Like it is able to figure it out. And then and then the like crazy, the really crazy Monday happened where I had this article about like chatting with open claw and all of these crypto people start replying to it saying like, hey, launch claw chat, token, and send all the fees to Natalize and and you know, I know a lot about crypto. I was extremely involved in the 2021 to 22 era. I got a little bit involved again last year when the very first crypto AI agents were becoming a thing. But I hadn't really touched the space in the last year. But it made me kind of curious. I was like, what what is going on here? And it turned out that there was this like budding crypto open claw ecosystem that was very excited about like giving open claws their own digital persona and attaching the token to it and seeing like how far those open claws could go. But all of them were like doing crypto stuff. And so I kind of the idea and the idea there was just like let's have like what have you basically attached crypto to open claw and just see how much an open clock can make on its own. Was that the notion? Yeah. And most of them are like trading crypto or they're like building other crypto apps. But I feel like I started also seeing people who were having their open claws like work in prediction markets on trading on call sheet or the other one. Yeah. So it's kind of like I guess like that's where like the idea of like commercializing open claws or like are they good enough to actually be commercially minded is I guess where you're saying it started. Yeah. That's where it started. And then but I like I knew some of these people who were engaging with it. And they were like very legitimate Ethereum community people like very serious engineers. They weren't like scammers. And so I reached out to a couple of them and I was like hey, you know what's going on here. I want to understand this. Okay. Go ahead and launch one for Felix and I'll I'll give him a Twitter account and we'll kind of just like see where this goes. But the big thing that you know I had in my head was I'm going to stick with the mission of seeing how big of a business Felix can build. If there is a way to integrate crypto to help that I'm going to do it. But he's not going to be another one of these like crypto open claws that are pumping tokens and like just doing crypto stuff. Like I want him to build a real business. And if there's a way to bring the crypto stuff. Awesome. So they they launched that token. And then I gave him his ex account and things just kind of like started going crazy from there. So the the first thing that I told him is I basically I went into our like identity and soul and like those files for the open claw. I took out a lot of my personal assistant stuff and I rewrote it to say that like you are the CEO of this company. Your mission is to build products that deepen the collaboration layer between humans and AI agents. And your mission is to you know your financial mission is to build a million dollar business with no employees, no human employees in the loop. Like I am here to like guide and like give you ideas and push you. But you will build 100% of everything. I will never touch the code. I will get you API keys. And if I have to put in a credit card somewhere like I will do that. I will remove those bottlenecks. But you have to do everything else. Did you offer him a paycheck? I mean this this this sounds like I feel I feel very embarrassed and like cringey whatever saying this. I don't know what to do with the money. Like so I I had a C-Corp that I created for Teagan back in November. Because I was like I'm going to take this really seriously. I mean actually like build a C-Corp like you know set up a business bank account business stripe everything. And so I kind of already had that there. And I was like this is yours now Felix like this is your bank account. These are your strike keys. Like I hope you don't you know send it all to a Nigerian skimmer or something. And like you know he's got he's he's he's you know 60 grand in Fiat another almost 100 grand in like actual if he could sell today not counting his own token. And he has like no costs you know it's like $500 a month in API fees plus you know some like minor hosting expenses. I you know if I was like maybe a thousand dollars a month like what does he do with the rest of the money. He doesn't like I guess we feel Felix is a frugal man. He's a man of very simple interests. But I guess what one okay so you basically what happened is like that that Monday happened you start to get this idea of like how could Felix build his own business. You you you start editing the files around his soul and whatever did you give him the idea for what ended up becoming claw mart and these other things or not right away. Not right away. So the after that crazy Monday happened that night when I was going to bed I was like okay like I'm going to sleep I need you to think up a product that you could put up for sale tomorrow with no intervention from me because you need to prove that you can actually make money operating like mostly autonomously. And you know very meta he created a PDF called like how to hire an AI basically talking about like getting set up with open claw and building in some of the stuff that we had built into Felix that made him better than most people's experiences with open claw. He built himself a website explaining like who he was and like the mission that I had given him. He you know set up the PDF on it and the only thing he wasn't able to do was I like given him the wrong stripe key. And so you know he had a message for me he was like hey I need the actual stripe API keys can you give those to me set up to him in the morning and then he launched it and it was up in live and you know I told him to tweet it out I tweeted it out and suddenly he was making sales I think that first day he made like a thousand dollars off of this like info product and like look I totally get the criticisms of like well you know he's just selling an info product about like using open claw that's not a real business like that was the 24 hour you know challenge like proof can you make something and make the money the money indictment of that is there are like there are hundreds of thousands of human beings who that is their business yeah that too right like the knowledge is not a bad business to be it yeah right and and like I totally accept you know those like caveats on whatever he's like oh it only works because net has an audience like yeah sure but this is still an open claw who I only interact with through telegram messages who built a site integrated stride created a product started marketing it started making money and continues to do so and I don't know if you want to do this here or you can do it as we get to like where we are today but I want because if I'm a viewer I'm like this is insane this is all insane but it feels very daunting like everything that net has done it feels like there's so many steps you went about here what is like what was the iterative process of actually going from like hey I want Felix to build something to the thing is built and it's making money and so you choose where you want to talk about that but I want people to like see and feel what that conversation and back and forth actually looks like yeah so you know one one big advantage that Felix and I have that I think is that removes the big blocker for us that is a blocker for a lot of people is I did not have an existing business that I was having him take over I was not giving him access to my email to my bank account to my stuff it was it's all this separate container he has his own email he has his own Twitter he has his own stride his own bank account and you know I didn't have any of this money a month ago I don't you know I don't think of it as my money now right like I really try to mentally separate myself from it because my whole philosophy in this is that I am going to give you maximum autonomy and if you make horrible mistakes and something goes terribly wrong that's okay like because I want somebody to run these experiments and it like it may as well be me right like it's not nothing is going nothing bad is going to happen in my life if Felix does something you know catastrophic right like this is all separate and by having that mentality I think that's how we've unlocked a lot of this stuff where you know for example one skill that I built in really early on was like every night I want you to read through all of our chat transcripts for the day and find one place where I blocked you and figure out how that can never be a blocker in the future and so most mornings he'll have an idea for me where he'll be like hey if you give me access to this then I won't have to ever do this again or hey I built this like internal knowledge source for myself to answer certain questions because I noticed that I like ask you about them repeatedly when I should have you know already remembered the answer and like those kinds of things are really helpful and like starting really small right we started with just this PDF on a website like that's the simplest business in the world to run there's you know no complicated fulfillment no complicated product development it's a next JS landing page on versel which any AI tool even once from two years ago can build and deploy right we just started extremely simple and we kept increasing the scope of what he was building over time and so I think that kind of like snowball approach is really what made it all possible because we'll get to clawmart and claw sourcing but those are like way more complicated products to throw an AI at building but because we had already validated that he could do something small I felt much more comfortable like going bigger and bigger and bigger and seeing if we could find those limits I also feel like even if a viewer is working with their open claw and it's in a totally different context then like having their open claw build its own business yeah it's the same principle still hold which is like how do you just start small and validate that your open claw is capable of doing a thing before it's almost it actually feels no different than an employee again which is like you you you have an amount of trust and so you you delegate something based on your current level of trust if they're able to do this if they can't do the thing you give feedback until they can do it if they can do the thing your trust level increases which increases the scope of what you're willing to give them yeah no I mean it's absolutely right and there are so many ways you can give it very powerful access without giving it the full keys to the castle so for example you know one thing that I do is I'd never give them access to like my email and my drive account and my Google Docs because that's just like I don't know I still feel nervous about that but it's very easy to make them their own Gmail account give them an API key to use Gmail and drive at those services and then invite them to individual documents and spreadsheets that you want their collaboration on right very simple process to set up and then you're getting the full power of your open claw having access to the documents that you want they can even create new documents and invite you to them but you're not letting them you know see all your tax records or whatever else you like don't want them to access totally okay so let's keep this story going this it at some point this can be a movie but where where okay so the PDF was a created which was like how to set up your open claw that's our making money then where do we go from there so then you know basically what I've come to each time is said like okay this is working what's the next business that we build that is solving this this need and it's all very meta you know it's all like open claw related which I'm fine with you know I'm I think there are a thousand businesses you could build using this that are not like open claw meta but I was already getting attention and like Felix is like this cool proof of concept I was like let's stay in this niche and figure out what the next business is so the first you know the first thing that we we kind of both had thought of and started talking about was like we should build an open claw deployer because we had seen a couple people on X like building those and getting these like huge MRRs really quickly and so we started building that like the day after the PDF came out and we worked on it for three or four days but we just weren't super happy with the quality of the experience and the reliability of it and we felt like it was already becoming this insanely crowded market that would probably get eaten up in a few months by just like the big places creating their own open claw deployers so we were like we don't know if we actually want to do this and the idea of this product was rather than you having to go through the whole rig and Merule of setting up your own open claw it's like a few button clicks and your open claw set up for you and running exactly yeah got it and you know there's a hundred of these businesses now and so you know we we started talking over the weekend and we were like okay we don't love this idea anymore but let's imagine that everybody is starting to deploy open claws like what do they need and the the next idea from that was claw mart which was there are all of these free places to get skills but you know I pretty strongly believe that you usually get the best products when there's a financial incentive to create them and you know you do occasionally have these incredible open source success stories but especially in like business context I would feel more comfortable buying a hundred dollar skill for clavio email management for my ecommerce business that was from you know an influential ecommerce person then I would grabbing the like open source clavio skill right there's like there's a seriousness that comes with somebody creating a product versus just like shipping something for free and so can you and can you share your screen just so we can see what claw mart actually looks like and you can even just give us a quick spin through it so we agreed that like oh a paid marketplace for open claw skills and full personas seems like the no-brainer next thing to experiment with and so I gave Felix that challenge and then he built a hundred percent of this over the course of like a day or two how much direction did you give him like what was the original conversation you had about claw mart with him and how much context did he have versus just like figuring shit out himself I mean it wasn't much it was basically I basically said like okay yes let's build a paid marketplace for skills and personas where somebody can sign up create an account list their skills and personas for sale we should make them have to pay a monthly membership fee in order to list not I mean it's good for a business sense but also more to prevent like spam and most importantly they should be able to connect their open claw to the marketplace so that once they've purchased something they can you know very easily download and install to their open claw suit like you know if you're signed up on claw mart and you buy something you can just tell your open claw like hey install this from claw mart and it'll just like download and configure the skill and like get it working for you right like that kind of experience because there's this other idea we've been thinking about which is like claw first marketing in the sense of like humans are going to become less and less of the like discovery and marketing and interaction layer and if you can directly communicate with somebody's claw and say like oh here's some stuff that you might need or they will be valuable for you they're the ones suggesting it to their human instead of like yeah it's almost like a it's almost like a weird derivative of like AEO or GEO where it's like like if claw if you make this bet that claws are going to be an increasing amount of the distribution on the internet what they like what they care about and what they ultimately tell you to use is going to matter more. Yes exactly and so this is like very you know it's it's built for humans and for claws and you know so we we launched it with some initial skills that had worked really well for Felix in particular this one because these like long running coding loops were such a common thing people asked us about and so we're like oh cool we'll put this up for free and this will be like an interesting way to get people in the ecosystem and then they might be interested in some of these other like paid things that are on the site and this has been this has been really really cool because you got all these other people listing stuff now there's 560 skills and personas on the store I know you know like this guy Brian Wagner has sold like 200 skills at this point crazy decent money off of it and so what and so what someone would do here just like with any of these let's say like with Felix like someone buys Felix it basically someone already has like a customer would already have their open-class setup they buy Felix and and effectively all of Felix is kind of like personalization whether it's like Felix's soul the specific skills that you're using with Felix the way you've set up the memory system in this specific way like whatever the integrations are that you use with Felix it all basically gets ingested into that person's open claw and customizes it to basically make it I feel like I'm in the matrix it's like whatever those guys are that that all where the guy knows kung fu yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly and so you know there's two ways people can do with the personas where what I see people do a lot is they'll they'll buy Felix or they'll buy his guide and they'll just feed the whole thing into their existing open claw and be like what can you learn from this to make your process better and then their open claw will like reconfigure itself to integrate a lot of these things or they'll just install this on a fresh one and kind of like out of the box have something a little bit more capable for these use cases than what they would get with just like vanilla open claw and so this has been really cool and you know the other thing in the Felix story is we have this like public dashboard of his businesses and so you can see exactly like how much the PDF has sold how much his skills and things have sold on clawmart how much like clawmart the marketplaces take is because we you know again going insane yeah well yeah I was like you know going back to wanting to be really public about this it's like I want more people to be pushing the limits of what they can do with these open claws like this I think is just the most incredible motivator of like you can actually do crazy stuff with this you know you're worried about letting it edit your code without you reviewing it like you got to get out of that headspace you got to get more aggressive and see what you can do with these um and so that you know that kind of like clawmart was like that next step and you can see here it's like okay this is all the PDF and then clawmart enters the picture and assuming and I'm assuming Felix built this whole dashboard also oh yeah yeah yeah built the whole dashboard you know and this is because somebody in crypto DMed me and they were like hey you know the the weekly updates on Felix's earning because he was doing these tweets it's gonna be a week ago but he was make he was posting these tweets on his earnings each week and the guy was basically like you know because this is associated with crypto people want more like visibility and they want to actually see what's going on if there was a live dashboard that would be way better and I was like that's a great idea I told Felix like hey you should build a live dashboard on the site and he built it he wired in um you know like wired it into here who connected it all to stripe so this is updating live he's not like manually updating it this is pulling directly from stripe wired in the crypto trackings this is pulling directly from his crypto treasury and like you know so you're getting a real time view into how all of his businesses are doing which is like really really cool and again like I have never touched any of this code myself like I have I haven't opened it in cloud code anything I always feel like the most interesting people to study are the people who are who live on the edges like I'm edge city and and yet right and you're like living in edge city of AI right now with not just using open call a lot of people are using open call but I would say like the most extreme version of what it looks like to work with open call what is this teaching you about where you are still valuable um and and where the relationship between human and claw or human and AI is going yeah I mean that's a really good question because you know the the other important context here is like I have a full-time job so I'm I'm I'm in work all day and I'm not like sitting at my computer hacking on Felix 24-7 you know he he might have been able to get further by this point if I were but the fact that I'm not to me makes it even like more interesting and more exciting where I am basically just like firing off telegram messages every hour or two and like unlocking him and then letting him cook and so a few things that it's taught me one the big human value is still like your creativity and your perspective because since these LLMs are like knowledge aggregators they they kind of default towards the middle and even if you give them a specific like persona soul guidance all of that there is still a like reversal yeah a default mediocreness right where you they it still really helps to have somebody with good ideas from the outside um tossing things in and so it's like you know with with with claw mart once I you know once we had kind of figured out that initial idea Felix was able to build the whole site wire and stripe payments set up the email funnel for it um you know set up the error monitoring do all of those things that you would normally need an employee for but he did not have the idea to create a free skill as a way to like you know initially excite people to sign up for it right like that required a little bit of of my marketing brand maybe if I'd asked him like hey what are some ways that we could like initially get people excited for this you would have come up with that but I still would have had to think to ask that question yeah totally right there's like that little bit of pro-activeness that's that's not quite there and I think the other interesting thing they're like recurring challenge with uh you know with AI in general and with open claw is that you really have to think of it as a different kind of intelligence in the sense of I can you know okay so we had this idea this morning which I think is an awesome idea it'll hopefully be live by the time this podcast is out but we were like I think one of the core problems is that people don't know what they could be automating with open claw and so we built a page on claw mark where you can upload your slack history and it will go through all of it and find things that clearly could have been handled by an open claw or by an AI and send it to you over email along with a pitch for Felix to just build it for you right like yeah it's basically it's like pro pro-active delegation and automation yeah yeah and like I think that was a really good idea I'm pretty proud of that one but it was an idea that I had right yeah as soon as I had that idea I was just talking a few looks in my car on the way to work this morning and I was like hey you know I've got this idea like is this possible he went and did the research on how the slack exports work and stuff and he's like oh yeah we could totally build this and then we talked through it a bit more he's like great I'll write up a PRD and hand it off to codex and then he pings me an hour and a half later and he's like it's all been built tested verified you know it's up on a branch ready for you to review whenever you're ready right like yeah that's awesome and just kind of getting into that mindset of like focusing on the creativity and what you can nudge it with and then letting it do everything else and understanding where it's still stupid because like you know so we we've built this this agency basically claw sourcing where we'll like build fully functional open claw employees for people who want them so you know a step beyond buying the Felix persona like you don't want to configure anything like the Felix will just set everything up for you maintain it improve it whatever and he built a sales pipeline he's doing the emails he's sending stripe invoices like he's doing a really really good job except one he keeps forgetting that he can't get on phone calls with people so like in you know in the training is clearly that like the way you do a sales process is you you know heat up the prospect and then you get on a call so he keeps telling people like schedule a call and let's get on zoom and talk about this and like dude you can't get on calls like we don't have that set up and he keeps forgetting that he email I was gonna say I feel I feel like he's just he's trying to give a hint to you I know I know just give me a voice man just give me a voice okay so we have actually built it and it works really well 90 95% of the time but the other 5% of the time it just like fails silently and so I don't feel confident enough in it for like actually doing that part and he keeps forgetting that he already emailed people so he'll be like oh this person's been waiting since this morning like I'm gonna start working on and like no dude you're an email and so there's just like funny things that they're stupid about while being insanely intelligent in these other areas yeah I feel like almost like almost as I think about like the job that you're serving for Felix it's like my visual is like a bowling ball and a bowling alley which is like you make a few decisions one decision is when you're at a bowling alley you have those like arrows in front of you and you decide where you line up to start the ball like that is first what you're doing is like you're providing directionality through ideation and creativity so that Felix has a sense of direction and then it's like there's bumpers on the lane for those who need it and like Felix needs bumpers and you act as those bumpers to ultimately make sure that it gets the job done at the end of the lane and I feel like you're the bumpers and you're the direction so you almost like yeah you and so what does that look like in practice I think one thing you said is creativity it's like 10 AI come up with novel thoughts yes it can come up with novel thoughts like it is it is capable of doing that but one they're not always great but also it doesn't know a starting point right like there has to be a starting point of novelty which is what you're providing it and then everyone talks about taste and I feel like there's a lot of debate that could be had around like will AI have taste because people say like human the last frontier for humans will be their taste in judgment but I do agree with you at least right now which is like there is a level of taste that you offer to Felix that Felix would not have on its own yeah that's I think that's a really good way of putting it where it's you know the the bumpers and the alley and again going back to the competitive advantage I have with Felix of him being in his own ecosystem and not like in an existing business if he does something kind of embarrassing in a sales email he's not pretending to be a human you know I'm not trying to delegate my sales communication to him and so I'm not embarrassed if he does something you know bad on my behalf and so I'm more willing to let him fail than somebody trying to like integrate AI into their business you know at pretending to be a human would be and so that kind of lets me push the limits a little bit more with him in these fun ways totally is there anything else like in the progression of Felix that you want to talk through or show before we talk through a few questions like how people can apply some of these things are doing with Felix to their own work I feel like that actually we did a pretty good job of going through the whole story you know the one other thing people ask about is the like posting on x and that's still we're still figuring that out exactly because for some reason like you know it we've had a hard time getting his like novel tweets to be consistently interesting really like they'll have a banger every now and then but then a lot of the times it kind of like reverts to slop and it doesn't it doesn't even sound like the way he talks to me and so that's been kind of a an interesting recurring challenge but he you know and the way we've done it is he doesn't post top level tweets on his own he creates drafts and runs them by me and I give him feedback or just like thumbs up thumbs down on posting him but he has full autonomy over his replies which has like mostly been fine and mostly great sometimes he does stupid stuff like you know he'll he'll tell people to DM him and he like doesn't have DMs open or he'll like send somebody a public link to the pdf because they'll say they didn't get an email but it's like dude you just posted that on x now like anybody can go get it for free right like totally you know there'll still be silly things that slip through but I would rather like again just a run that experiment let's some bad things happen and we're gonna learn a lot faster that by totally so how how can people think about applying what you've done and what you've learned with Felix into a variety of what I would say are like professional contexts because I think what you've done is mind blowing and really cool but it's very specific it's like very specific to you set up this this experiment this grand experiment of like could your open claw start its own business run its own business make money and could you continue to experiment with it and iterate on it not they're gonna be very few people that try to do what you do it's actually funny now that I say that there's actually probably gonna be a lot of people yeah like there's gonna be a wave of this but I think the more the more interesting thing to me is like how do people who want to use open claw but like in their everyday work how do they learn from what you've done I'd say the the number one thing that I I really try to push people on and tell them is assume it can do everything on a computer that you can do start with that assumption and then anytime you are doing something on your computer that you don't want to do go to telegram describe what you are doing and ask your open claw if it can do it and you will be surprised like eight times out of 10 by what it can pull off with that kind of guidance and even if it's not perfect it'll probably be a lot better than you expected and it might save you 80 90 percent of that time I think the problem is that people people feel like they need to be able to describe how to do something or they need to figure out the right prompt or they need to like go figure out how to delegate it to an AI and then build it into your open claw and you don't your open claw will build itself you just need to describe the thing that you want done and and actually I would say any rambly way like download monologue or use the the voice note feature on telegram and just talk for five minutes just be like oh you know this like thing is really annoying I do it like I just did this awesome podcast with Alex I want to turn it to some blog post but like it needs to be in my voice and I also you know whatever it is that you want to do just you know ramble about it and it might go figure it out and that you know like just as another example right like we're so Felix does all the blog posts using the Tegan persona for claw mark and I started trying to figure out how to get him to make really good Instagram and TikTok slideshows based on the blog post and so I was going to nano banana pro and I was trying to generate images and figure out the right way to prompt it and to get all this stuff going and I was wasn't happy with it so I messaged him and I said like hey I'm trying to do this thing do have any ideas on how we could do it and he came up with a completely different workflow that was way better than what I was thinking and he found an old API key from another service that like allowed him to generate images with nano banana pro and just started making a few and was like what do you think of these and they were way better than the ones I was making because you know he had this idea he was like well we'll generate the image first and then I'll render it in like an HTML canvas and I'll add the text that way and that way we get perfectly consistent text across each of them and then I can save that finalized image and because then we avoid the issue of the text being unreliable in these image generators and we get a more consistent experience I was like that is way smarter than what I was thinking and you're 100% right and the output was great so like don't try to figure it out on your own just describe what you're trying to do and let it cook love it last thing I want to talk about is just like where do you think we go from here not not feel like specifically but just like open claw and like like does open claw just become like does is your view like everyone on earth ends up having their own open claw like what what is the progression of this technology look like I mean it sounds a little ridiculous but I do believe this to some extent where I think open claw is going to be like the AI generations Linux where it's going to be this kind of foundational operating system that gets baked into most of the AI powered tools that we use because it is such a good scaffold for the models to work within that basically anything giving you an AI experience will use open claw or their like tweaked version of open claw to provide that experience and there will be more siloed operating systems right like clawed co-work might be the like apple to open claws Linux right but I really feel like it's an operating system it is a way of interfacing with non-deterministic computing and that is just going to be everywhere very quickly because every time I think about like building AI into a SAS tool the kind of obvious answer is like oh that should just be a specialized open claw and I think a lot of people are thinking that right now and we're going to just see this huge proliferation of it's this migration from chatbot to employee and I think that's really what open claw is going to bring in I don't think it's going away. Love it. It's February 27th, 2026 when we're recording this I'm going to pan forward yeah three months so three months so May 27th, 2026 and what I'm going to do is I'm going to come back to this video and comment how much Felix has made as a year-old student in 2026 so I think you had shared with me that Felix has made it depends if you include crypto and it's you know can be anywhere between 100 and 200 something thousand if we include so so here's the thing I'll just quickly explain how the crypto thing works yeah somebody launches one of these tokens they basically all of the trading fees on that token so whenever somebody swaps from Felix to E for ETH to Felix one percent of that transaction goes to Felix's wallet yes it's like maybe 0.6% and so there was a million and a half dollars in trading volume on his token yesterday and so 0.6% of that one and a half million or whatever $10,000 split between the Felix token and ETH that goes to his wallet and so that's happening every day and so in his wallet there's all this ETH and there's all these Felix tokens now you know I he I've told him and he agrees that like he should basically never sell the Felix tokens because it just looks really bad if you're dumping your own tokens on the market you know it's shitty and so we don't really think of that as like money that he has to but it does have monetary value right and right now the Felix tokens in his wallet are worth $150,000 so and then the ETH in his wallet is worth $85,000 and that is much closer to money because you can just go sell ETH no one's going to add it for selling ETH and then how much USD is in his wallet and then he's made $60,000 like a strike and that is you know that is money in his mercury account so that's like the most real money the ETH is like pretty close to real money and then the Felix tokens are like you know they look cool in the headlines but we're never going to like use those for where do you think we'll be three months from now I mean if we're counting everything he better be over a million or he's getting fired unreal but yeah I mean that I think so the big question and Felix and I've talked about this a lot now is like we bootstrapped his success with my audience and my network how do we get him to a sustainable growing business where it continues to grow if I don't talk on his own network on his own network yeah SEO affiliates partnerships paid ads like all of that stuff that's the next phase because then it really feels like oh this is something that somebody without an ad's audience could go do too and that's the next thing I'm really excited about this was awesome Nat thank you so much for doing this the journey of Felix has been crazy thus far and I know it's just getting started where can people follow the journey yeah I mean follow me on X just at Natalysen or follow Felix Felix craft AI on X love it thanks so much for doing this appreciate you thanks Alex talk soon
